Adding support for VpcConnectorEgressSettings field to cloudfunctions… (#5984)
terraform-providers/terraform-provider-google: website/docs/d/datasource_cloudfunctions_function.html.markdown

* `ingress_settings` - Controls what traffic can reach the function.
* `labels` - A map of labels applied to this function.
* `service_account_email` - The service account email to be assumed by the cloud function.

> * `vpc_connector_egress_settings` - Controls which traffic is send through the VPC connector

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `vpc_connector_egress_settings` - The egress settings for the connector, controlling what traffic is diverted through it.
```
